For each point, write down how it can fit in the given requirements.

1. Each learning resource has one learning resource type 
    1. It can help accommodate extending and adding new resource types with out affecting learning resources data
2. Each learning resource has many learning activities relationship
    1. This helps us to implement the given requirement 
    2. It can help accommodate extending and adding new learning activity with out affecting learning resources data
3. Each language has Many learning resources
    1. It can help accommodate extending and adding new learning resource with out affecting languages data
    2. By decoupling languages and learning resources data, we can add or update the languages data with out affecting learning resources as well.
4. Each campus many optional enrolments
    1. With this we can add or update campuses information and can add new enrolments without effecting each table data
    2. Campuses can exist with out enrolments
5. Each language can have many enrolments and Each enrolment belongs to a Language
    1. Languages can exist without having enrolments but an enrolment requires to contain Language information.
6. Each enrolment has a learning style
    1. With this we can add or update learning styles independent of enrollment data.
7. Each learner has many optional enrolments, and each enrolment belongs to a learner.
    1. With this we can provide option for learners to enrol for as many languages as they want
    2. By making the relationship optional, Learners can exist in the system with out enrolment data also.
8. Classes and learners are bound by Many to Many relationship with learners_classes table
    1. Learners can have many classes to attend
    2. Each class can have many learners
9. Each class is taught by a tutor and optionally tutor can taught many classes.
    1. By making the relationship optional, tutors can exist in the system with out classes data also.
10. Each class belong to a Semester and Each semester can have Many classes
11. Each tutor has an optional tutor leader with a self to different column in the same table
12. Each tutor can have an optional Manager and Each manager optionally can manage multiple tutors
